Boundary Docs (#2907)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/getting-started/dev-mode/connect-to-dev-target.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Connect to your first Boundary target
description: >-

>   Connect to your first Boundary target using `boundary connect`, then explore connect helpers, the exec flag, SSH ProxyCommand, and the Desktop Client for different connection workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Connect to a target using `boundary connect`, then explore connect helpers, the exec flag, SSH ProxyCommand, and the Desktop Client for different workflows.
```

# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2025-11-18T17:04:41-05:00
last_modified: 2025-11-18T17:04:41-05:00
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

> # Connect to your first Boundary target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connect to your first target
```

> Running `boundary connect` against your first Boundary target establishes a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `boundary connect` against your first target establishes a
```

> local authenticated proxy you can use like a normal SSH connection — no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local authenticated proxy you can use like a normal SSH connection, no
```

> shared credentials or exposed network required. This walks through connecting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shared credentials or exposed network required. This topic walks through connecting
```

> to the pre-configured dev-mode target, selecting a specific target explicitly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the pre-configured dev mode target, selecting a specific target explicitly,
```

and choosing a connect helper for SSH, RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol),
Kubernetes, or database clients.

> ## Step 1: Connect to the default target

Author: ```suggestion
## Connect to the default target
```

within the authorized session. When you are finished making connections, simply
`Ctrl-C/Command-C` the `boundary connect` process to shut down the session.

> ## Select Boundary targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Select targets
```

> ## Step 2: Select targets (optional)

Author: ```suggestion
## Select Boundary targets
```

$ boundary connect ssh -target-name "Generated target" -target-scope-name "Generated project scope"
```

> ## Choose a connect helper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect helpers
```

> ## Step 3: Choose a connect helper

Author: ```suggestion
## Choose a connect helper
```
